[Music]
[Applause]
let's go
please
[Music]
again imma take a trip to a whole other
planet at least not the topics but they
telling me the mountain Seas I'm
tripping like LSD H man
I'ma have you dripping like a magic
I'ma have you dripping like a magic mushrooms everybody knows I got a
mushrooms everybody knows I got a
tripping when I be ripping you know I
take flight just like a pigeon I like an
eagle and rock with my people my flu is
lethal when they cause the freestyles I
ain't got no equal uh LSD what I just
mentioned yeah y'all know we bees in the
tension matter of fact tripping light
LSD tell them really y'all have been the
fourth dimension oh come off the top and
they call me your rhyme Smith
fourth and I go to the fifth cause all
of my lyrics are Timeless hey snap and
I'm breaking the frame at the fans I'll
be taking aim I know they've been
mentioning my Rhymes cause I heard that
the fourth dimension was time no time on
my clock I don't even need a Rollie and
the industry really can't control me
yeah when I used to draw MC Ma I could
probably even freeze time matter of fact
we're gonna get ill we're gonna freeze
time I don't need no quill hey buddy
right now don't get hype chill everybody
get the band dude stand still
[Music]
every time
in four three
two
y'all have seen this man on YouTube you
have seen him on Tick Tock you have seen
the clips give it up for the freestyle
fee now Harry
back in the house
really is blowing up they feel the
energy soon as I'm showing up so they
download but tonight we be going up yeah
hmac they believe me when they come
around never been cheesy matter of fact
I won't be satisfied till I get the
official feature from Greenery
oh
my God
great meeting you brother likewise my
man thank you so much
dude just had an amazing experience NBA
on TNT did a freestyle for TNT Tuesday
went off went crazy can't wait to see it
I couldn't think of you know what was
funny I said I'd be like spaghetti I
just couldn't think of ravioli I was
trying to say I'm in the pocket and I
kept setting it up and then finally I
was like where'd the pasta because when
I spit them in the pocket and I was like
whatever you figure it out afterwards
how do we ready to drop it hey feel like
I'm eating spaghetti hey cause my lyrics
up in the pocket oh yeah but it was good
it was good it's just a nerve-wracking
environment to freestyling because I
can't it's it's just
four people five people facing One
Direction it's very unnatural yeah yeah
it's very unnatural but um not but it
was great man and then afterwards behind
the scenes freestyle with a lot of the
staff some Legends and uh freestyle like
16 or 17 words I think so super fire man
is that the most words you like stacked
it has to be the most I've ever
memorized in one go has to be
Epic ohtani bitterdale
I'm not
bro uh I think the word was inevitable
did I say it correct or add a syllable
it says mag when I'm rapping I'll be
killing it though you're gonna have to
excuse my vocab whenever I'll be rhyming
man the people go man we here on TNT
getting them rhyming easily go ahead and
make some noise y'all if you believe in
me
[Applause]
thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
talk about having character oh yeah
remembering all that and then having
that attitude to go up there oh thank
you man what did I tell you when I first
met you you said have fun
you said just have fun it's all about
yeah that's it that's it
that's it man
honor to meet you man sincerely glad we
got to chop it yeah
yes sir thank you pleasure to meet you
my friend thank you for making it fun
for me man
dude I've been watching you do this in
like Venice Beach and all that and now
you're on tour the SSC tour Thursday at
the Buckhead Theater you're going all
over the country yeah we'll show the
list what is this like for you man to be
traveling this much for something that
I'm sure you've been loving doing your
whole life yeah it's amazing man it's a
dream come true it really is it really
is it's just beautiful to be able to get
out and do what I do live and to and you
know so much of my growth has happened
online yes but to be able to connect
with the fans face to face in the same
physical space is just really beautiful
[Music]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
we stretching right to the ceiling I'm
all up in the rage I turned the
staircase to a stage God damn we bout to
get this slapping I love life shout my
homie with the talk and the Bud Light
y'all know that it's exciting to us I
used to smoke weed I would steady light
in the butt hit I flip it in reverse but
nowadays I keep it sober and when I'm on
the mic I will provoke you hold up wait
a minute making sure my sight is too
clear cause I ain't never seen nobody
with the Blue Beard shout out to my man
to be in here looking fly he came
through with the proper hair dye I'm
that rare guy gotta be the LMC when the
bus spit it off the mental they be
filming me check the way that I blaze it
when I'm appointed I kill it to keep it
honest I create jokes like a comic this
is real non-stop butter to the top never
boring y'all know that I'm sorry like
the hatch yeah H man getting busy
causing straight harm last night he was
freestyling up at State Farm
let's get it
beautiful
[Music]
[Applause]
see all these familiar faces hey you'll
be back again and the brand new fans we
gonna rap for them y'all know I gotta
get busy with the spaces y'all know I
gotta take flight in Atlanta never
slipping y'all knows that I rap with
these rapping for the book yo that's not
me shout out to my man's good to see you
in the flesh every time I rhyme I'm
leaving people impressed yeah other Rim
sees wanna be the man get them up yo I'm
trying to see you see your hands yeah we
bout to make us a way in Atlanta tonight
let's be the majority uh we're about to
turn into the Mash jazz on
the tracks Harry Mack on the rash yeah
and you know we ain't gonna give them no
leeway Make some noise for my
DJ okay just stays killing
it hmac signing 10 million Watts a
brilliant hey yo the night is about to
be something special that's a fact you
never return with the man doing these
tracks never written from a pan I simply
hit the stage then I start to go man and
if you're feeling low I'm delivering the
remedy so much energy
Make Some Noise if you're ready for the
eye to see let's go
[Applause]
amen
what's up I get busy and on the rail
I've been plotting with the schemes but
y'all the reason that I'm really living
this dream that's fast that's why I
deliver my art direct from the brain
that directs from the heart people say
I'm intelligent they say that I'm smart
all I know is I can serve a rapper a la
carte and if they didn't know what they
about to do them soon cause I get
elevated like this here balloon y'all
know we about to keep it all up in the
air when it comes the freestyle
ain't even fair and y'all know I gotta
plug in like an IV this is my favorite
balloon it's got the smiley y'all know
that I really bring the stances into
place this is getting transferred to
your face every
hmac really rips with no pen and
y'all know but grab the mic in the phone
my lyric is the
crystal ball throw that
I throw away to the back road I'm
cutting through the crowd something like
exacto man so at this point I want to
bring three special guests on stage my
team has handed out three max stage
passes to three extra hype audience
members we're gonna bring them out right
now make some noise for my special
guests yo
[Applause]
hey hey
I love the sentiment on the shirt as
well be kind that's what we're all about
um okay so we have an undisclosed
location we have an undisclosed person
or thing that we are morphing into
um from you it's your lucky day you get
to imagine all of your problems
disappear but I need you to imagine a
new dilemma anything you want man but it
has to be a dilemma a challenge that
somebody might face just let me know
when you have something in mind but
don't share it yet I got you all right
we're ready we're ready all right so
here we go without further Ado where are
we going Dubai we are going to Dubai who
are we becoming a dolphin a dolphin in
Dubai the alliteration is on point what
could possibly be the Dilemma this
dolphin in Dubai is about to face
Silverton Oregon
swords in the organ Silverton Silverton
this the town of the silver
wait what's the Dilemma it's east of
Salem by 15 minutes that's where I'm
from oh no but I need a dilemma a
problem somebody might face yeah oh I
didn't even study for this um I thought
you said swords in the organ which I was
like that's like yeah that is a dilemma
I'm a world peace I guess would be my my
first and foremost as in the dolphin
wants to solve World Peace
all right wait hold on but let me just
take a vote do we want to do world peace
or do we want to do swords in the organ
all right everybody for World Peace
okay we all want World Peace somewhere
deep down everybody for swords in the
organ
I don't know what to tell you man I
don't know what to tell you the people
who spoke if we go over swords in the
organ Make some noise from my beautiful
guest one time y'all
[Music]
we leaving the ATL right now man
we're going to Dubai I am no longer
Harry Mack I'm a dolphin and I'm facing
a real serious problem dude I got a
sword in my organ man multiple swords in
a singular organ can you believe it it
was a precise swordsman a person the
most precise of swordsman I'll save her
for the song Jazz you ready
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
Make Some Noise
y'all know I keep it too fly I'm about
to swim all the way to Dubai I got a
problem I need some support
I got
damn normally I'm living free normally I
get to swim oh so beautifully I got my
own language and I get it done I'm a
dolphin so I get to for Fun hit
normally y'all I live the best life me
and my dolphin fans stay so high plus I
can rhyme with the Thunder we freeze we
have a real party down under the sea get
with it normally I spit it in the
pairway With The Stingrays and the
mermaids normally there ain't nothing
cool is this true it's Bliss when I get
to swim with the school of fish it's
amazing they love the way I spark I even
make friends out of each and every shark
but now trust me this don't happen so
often swing what was that shrink there
we got it problems a dolphin and I keep
it too far I'll be swimming all the way
to Dubai got a problem I need some
support and swing damn I got
[Applause]
got a problem needs some supporting
swords
damn
was that
hurt yo I'm being attacked
me the now it happened again how
the shrink oh my God now I'm never gonna
win
shorts was that damn what the y'all
trying to touch your Mac I was just a
dolphin swimming trying to run my
dolphin errands now I'm adulting
spinning trying to get my dolphin Barons
what the is going on where did they
come from damn five blades in me can't
be undone I look back what the that
thing say oh they ain't showing y'all
there's some stingrays God damn I get
live again all up in my organ I got five
of them oh I know that they digging
deep damn they trying to turn me again
to a frequency which organ was it now
try to catch breath
I need a remedy ATL help me out
I need some good energy
I'm about to die soon I think I
need to put a lot of pressure on the
wound matter of fact get your hands up
move them towards me put pressure on the
wound trying to heal from the short g a
dolphin now no I keep it too fly
swimming all the way
got a problem I need some support
I got it it's all fit I know I keep it
too fly swimming all the way up at it
[Music]
gotta probably need some support
I don't know if I can do this by myself
start losing my breath I think I'm about
to need some help oh no I can't take the
pain anymore too many swords wash up to
the shore I'm out there gasping for
breath all through my gills with all my
situation would be this ill was
real I got to speak my language I
reflect while I suffer from this anguish
my eyes are blurry then they start to
crack open I see a lifeguard and he's
been chosen he's running down and I
think he's getting closer yelling oh my
god boss I got something to show you
he's on his walkie-talkie last sounds
that I hear my vision's getting blurry
and it's not exactly clear and I'm about
to lose myself I think it's about to
stop think my life is about to ten
thousand volts this is a shock I'm
back again I wake up from a near death
oh my ears up and I can hear less
my vision's kind of red I hope I find a
way back into the ocean cause that's
where I wanna stay the animal doctors
are out patching on my wound they pat me
on the back they see you'll get better
own but if you want to really do crazy
well we're gonna have to send you back
to the ATL they got doctors on the scene
that can make you feel better I said get
me to Atlanta yo that plan Sounds Clever
first time ever they put a dolphin up on
a chopper they brought me in a
helicopter y'all I'm earning crappers
dolphin in the sky from the ocean to the
clouds and I thought that I was gonna
die but not now I'm about to survive
from the people in Atlanta make some
noise for the freestyle scanner
I'm a dolphin I know I keep it too fly
swimming all the way up in it
got a problem y'all I need support and
swing swing I got swords in the organ
got a problem y'all know I need support
and swing what we got
what we got
God damn Atlanta make some noise
you know
swords in the organ man
foreign
[Applause]
y'all know I get busy when kicking
Styles what's the purpose if I can't
spread joy and make you smile what's the
purpose if I can't say people who are
down what's the purpose if I can't reach
out to people on the ground what's the
purpose if I can't accept my hand what's
the purpose if I can't lift them higher
every woman every man every human what's
the purpose if I can't desire what's the
purpose of this mic if I can't spit fire
what's the purpose of a venue if we
can't bring the knowledge what's the
purpose of spitting me clever record if
it's not from the heart what's the
purpose of my art if it's not
intelligent if I ain't spitting
something smart if it's not from the
soul if I don't have control well
honestly that's not a place that Henry
wants to go what's the purpose of a hand
if you don't put it up what's the
purpose of not moving and getting stuck
tonight we bout to rewrite the purpose
in the game Harry back Odyssey tour we
all go insane let's hope one more time
having fun y'all know naked Jazz bout to
get it done on child having
somebody in buddy everybody make noise
Atlanta Georgia my heart is full my
heart is full thanks to y'all it
couldn't be any more full I love y'all
so much we love you we love you
we love you we out of here peace peace
peace peace peace peace thank you
and man one more time Make some noise
for Harry
[Applause]
you might need it
check check one two yeah we can do it
you wanna hear the birds
[Applause]
y'all want more
can we bless y'all with the r chord
[Music]
s up come on come on
yeah yeah yeah yeah ATM come on come on
come on come on hold on y'all ain't
ready to leave yet
I'm tired y'all ain't ready to leave yet
oh
yeah yeah rip the mic and Crush some
seeds to have this audience a luxury ah
yeah they love it every time that I
bunch a luxurious flow while my lyrics
are plush yeah imma enter a new type of
Zone yeah I get busy on this microphone
yeah and I never been no type of Clone
Harry Matt got bars
y'all know that I be on stage crushing
it's nothing bringing more Rhythm and
precaution I was backstage drinking
water like damn the fans are loving me I
gotta fix my throat with that recovery
now I'm back on stage and I'm crushing
it they feel me on they phone while I'm
busting it hmac man I'm smoothing in
lotion Let's Travel real deep in the
ocean hold on I know I'm going all in
every song tonight's about dolphins I
don't know what's really going on I'll
be swimming through the ocean and I'm
really flowing strong really you're
Madonna really not with the corner none
of the faking I'm really creating
there's no debating I'm never hating
y'all know that I'm Ill when I smell
like Electrify something like a damn
electric bill he's real hmac I crush it
y'all know imma make em listen every
time I'm spitting I got everybody
Flapjack flipping y'all know I'm still
tripping when I hit them with the
mission I spit my bars with priests
yeah Precision lyrics and precision bars
I ain't my target then y'all know I'm
hitting hard most Precision with rhythm
I'm through dope with roasting in the
instrument will turn them to a ghost of
ghosts I'll make it happen I got styles
for the writings on the wall okay they
finish seeing all my couplings I brought
the flavors that the people couldn't
with I said hip hop started with
the DJ y'all best believe me but let's
not forget about graffiti I put the
marble on the wall with the can of paint
I be the angel love the flow they call
this man a saint Never Falling Down imma
carry on I'm pulling out my shovel just
to bury songs
Henry wrong it's not a Sprint it's a
ah yeah we keep running
till we get the blue ribbon they take
attention
yeah rappers like you can't see us
un poco matter of fact imma spit insane
flows blow up like volcano more like um
pecano very very little h-man what did
these men say my freestyles are
intelligence hmac I'm intelligent with
Rhymes I know when I spit I'm staying
relevant with mine people when they
become an Olympics they know that I've
been a threat man's smart I'm about to
drop the internet intellectual y'all
know I'm good for your health like the
vegetables these rappers need to hop off
the testicles how many flavors got
separable send them into medical rooms
if you stepping up your face in your
Dome y'all know I came to bring it with
the random Flair if y'all feeling isn't
going get your hands
say hell yeah yeah say
yeah
say do that do that do it
hit my brain that's where the balance is
there's no one who could challenge this
imma use the alphabet but turn it into
calculus H Mac coming up with something
too amazing blazing whenever I be
solving the equation and y'all know I'm
getting over all my haters shove it with
no Abacus and no calculator making sure
jazz came through to destroy Atlanta One
Last Time make some noise
let's go
foreign
[Applause]
we love y'all we love y'all thank you
brother we love y'all we love y'all we
love y'all we love y'all that's not me
that's not me we love y'all my friends
my friends my friends
one last thing I can say right now
two last things first of all she's got
the smiley logo tattooed on the wrist
and that's amazing Make some
noise for that
thank you that's beautiful
and last but not least man two words two
words it's all I can utter at this point
because y'all have literally taken all
the other words out of me man I'm
breathless right now I'm in all right
now this moment this will be a night
that I will remember forever I hope it's
a night y'all will remember forever as
well last two words I'ma speak thank you
thank you thank you we out y'all we love
you much love everybody
boom there you have it really hope y'all
enjoyed the episode I wanted to let you
know we are coming back to Europe
Odyssey tour European Edition y'all know
what to do man click the link right here
to copy stickers right now let's go
[Music]